                   The GNU Privacy Guard 2
                  =========================
                       Version 1.9.x


GnuPG 1.9 is the future version of GnuPG; it is based on some gnupg-1.3
code and the previous newpg package.  It will eventually lead to a
GnuPG 2.0 release.  

You should use this GnuPG version if you want to use the gpg-agent or
gpgsm (the S/MIME variant of gpg).  Note that the gpg-agent is also
helpful when using the standard gpg versions (1.4.x) the old 1.2.x).
There are no problems installing 1.4 and 1.9 alongside; in fact we
suggest to do this.


BUILD INSTRUCTIONS
==================

GnuPG 1.9 depends on the following packages:

  libgpg-error (ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/libgpg-error/)
  libgcrypt    (ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/libgcrypt/)
  libksba      (ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/libksba/)
  libassuan    (ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/alpha/libassuan/)
  
You also need the pinentry package for most function of GnuPG; however
it is not a build requirement.  pinentry is available at
ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/pinentry/ .

You should get the latest versions of course, the GnuPG configure
script complains if a version is not sufficient.

After building and installing the above packages in the order as given
above, you may now continue with GnuPG installation (you may also just
try to build GnuPG to see whether your already installed versions are
sufficient).

As with all packages, you just have to do

 ./configure
 make
 make install

(Before doing install you might need to become root.)

If everything succeeds, you have a working GnuPG with support for
S/MIME and smartcards.  Note that there is no binary gpg but a gpg2 so
that this package won't conflict with a GnuPG 1.4 installation. gpg2
behaves just like gpg.

In case of problem please ask on gnupg-users@gnupg.org for advise.  Note
that this release is only expected to build on GNU and *BSD systems.



DOCUMENTATION
==================

The complete documentation is in the texinfo manual named
`gnupg.info'.  Run "info gnupg" to read it.  If you want a a printable
copy of the manual, change to the "doc" directory and enter "make
gnupg.pdf".  For a HTML version enter "make gnupg.html" and point your
browser to gnupg.html/index.html.  Standard man pages for all
components are provided as well.

